you
my boss well guys I'm gonna tell you
something I'm really honored to have the
opportunity to address you before you go
out and see a spot into the sectionals
okay but you know is I you know I
getting a kind of nostalgic want to come
back because I was here for a lot of
years and I still bleed cherry and gray
and as I look at some I've been filing
you during the year and I see names that
are familiar and you know this the guys
that I'm talking about I coached your
father's and we're so when I come back I
get a little emotional but you know
there's a tremendous tradition here in
canandaigua but one of the things that
you need to do is you have to control
your own destiny and you guys have been
in every football game that I've saw
that I followed okay so you need to come
together as a team hold yourself
together as a team go out there today
and make be no doubt that you're going
into the sectionals and you know number
one seed and your classification you ran
up up ton of points out okay so you're
this far away and you so all you need to
do is close that gap it's come together
make certain that you do your job don't
do somebody else's job do your job and
that's what it's all about don't make
any mistakes and I use this quote all
the time when I talk to folks
years ago before you were even born the
Miami Dolphins will do an undefeated
football team in the NFL dinosaur was
their Hall of Fame great coach and so
one of the reporters after the game
system we know how come the Dolphins are
undefeated you always seem to do the
little things right Don Shula said in
football there's no such thing as the
little things everything that you do
every man here has got a responsibility
you go out you do responsibility and
you're going to sectionals and I'll tell
you this if you come all together you're
going to win the sections okay so let's
go out there today secure the spot
remember you're from canandaigua
remember the conditions for those that
your father's played here remember one
of the reasons you're playing here right
now to your dad did something for you
and inspire you and or when you were a
little kid you were running around the
bleachers here and you said to yourself
one day I'm going to be on Evans field
and I'm going to be playing for a
championship so well out today get it
done I'm looking forward to watching
your play I think it's going to be
exciting at the end of the day you're
going to let your buddies in the face
you're going to look your teammates in
the face who say we've accomplished the
goal now let's go to the next one good
luck I'm room cheering for you let's go
break
remember this game from Breslau yeah I
guarantee you whoever takes to make
special praise on three